Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

Chapter 1: The Boy Who Lived

Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.

Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.

The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that.

When Mr. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked up his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.

None of them noticed the large, tawny owl that fluttered past the window.

At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.

When he drove off, Mr. Dursley noticed a tabby cat sitting on the wall outside their house. It seemed to be reading a sign. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared. It must have been a trick of the light. He looked again. The cat was still there, but the sign had vanished.

On the corner of the street, he noticed something else. People were wearing cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes. He grumbled about this as he drove to work.

Mr. Dursley arrived at Grunnings and sat down at his desk. From his window, he could see the people outside still wearing their cloaks. He turned on the radio and heard something about owls behaving unusually. He looked out the window and saw an owl sitting on the car outside.

That evening, Mr. Dursley drove home. He saw people in cloaks everywhere. They were whispering excitedly and pointing at something. He heard them mention the name Potter. He felt alarmed.

When he got home, he asked Mrs. Dursley about her sister. She became upset. They decided not to talk about the Potters.

Later that night, a tall old man appeared on the corner of Privet Drive. He was wearing a long purple cloak and had a long silver beard. His name was Albus Dumbledore. He put something out that made all the streetlights go out. Then a cat appeared at his feet. It was the tabby cat from the wall earlier. It was actually a woman named Professor McGonagall, who could turn into a cat.

Dumbledore and McGonagall stood on the street, waiting. They were soon joined by a huge man on a flying motorcycle. The man was Hagrid, the gamekeeper of Hogwarts. He was carrying a bundle of blankets with a baby inside. The baby had a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead.

"This is Harry Potter," said Dumbledore softly. He left the baby on the Dursleys' doorstep with a letter.

Harry Potter would grow up not knowing he was a wizard, until one day, letters started arriving at Privet Drive, and a giant named Hagrid came to tell him the truth about Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Harry went to Diagon Alley to buy his school supplies. He got his wand at Ollivander's shop. He also got an owl named Hedwig. On the train to Hogwarts, he met Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, who became his best friends.

At Hogwarts, the students were sorted into houses by the Sorting Hat. Harry was sorted into Gryffindor. He played Quidditch, a sport played on broomsticks, and became the youngest Seeker in a century.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione discovered that a three-headed dog was guarding something on the third floor. They learned it was the Sorcerer's Stone, which could give immortality. They also learned that Professor Snape seemed to be trying to steal the stone.

In the end, Harry faced Professor Quirrell, who was the real thief, working for Voldemort. Harry was able to get the Stone because he wanted to find it but not use it. The Stone was safe, and Gryffindor won the House Cup thanks to some last-minute points from Dumbledore.
